hi guys and welcome to my first youtube
[Music]
video
hello how are you doing i feel like it's
been so
long since i've just been sat catching
up with you guys with my
smoothie that is empty that honestly
lasted 0.5 seconds this was a
frozen mango frozen banana protein
smoothie
really really good that's possibly a new
fave actually i've been having that like
i think about three days in a row now
anyway so much to fill you in on can we
just start
with last weekend i woke up to
100 000 of you beautiful people
subscribed to my youtube channel which
is just absolutely
mind-blowing like i can't explain to you
when i woke up that day
and saw that on my phone i was really my
feelings to be quite honest like the
past few years
putting out content on this channel like
it's just been a lot of ups
downs and it really hasn't been easy so
i can't even
begin to explain just how much that
means and often like a few of you
message me mainly on instagram and stuff
just saying like how much my videos have
helped you in some way
which i'm really really beyond grateful
for but i can't explain to you just how
much
you've helped me like through a lot of
hard times
but probably you won't even know about
i'm gonna start crying or whatever
but yeah i just really want to put out
there that i'm just so so grateful
to have just the most gorgeous community
of people who are so kind and thoughtful
and i just want to say thank you so so
much for
every bit of support whether it be a
like on a video just watching my video
just means the absolute world um so
yeah that is absolutely oh my god
oh one second let me just compose myself
okay i feel like it's like dressing down
season now and
we're not even in september yet but when
we are i always end up wearing
my dressing gown like on top of my
clothes around the house but um
i thought for the video i'd just wrap it
around my waist i don't know if this is
just like mainly an english thing
let me know if you also do this but
anyway i'm just going to make a quick
coffee and then we can have a little
chat
um i'm going for the starbucks espresso
roast i really really rate this is like
my favorite starbucks
blend of coffee
[Music]
so yeah i just thought i'd fill you in
on like what's been
going on recently so obviously we're in
spain
for i think it was about three weeks we
were
near alicante like in the middle of
nowhere for
two and a bit weeks and then we spent i
think it was six days
five or six days in ibiza and then
we flew back to actually back we got a
boat back to ali county and then
came home and we just had like the
nicest trip i feel like it's a strange
time to travel at the moment
absolutely sure but i'm really glad we
did it and i feel like we all deserve
a break this year for absolutely sure
like whether it's like for a staycation
at home just going to your friends like
for a weekend or family or something
i just think it's really nice to mix up
your scenery and stuff like that so yeah
so that was really nice
and i was still mainly like cooking on
my own meals and stuff apart from in
ibiza when i just kind of we ate out
most of the time um which was just so
nice i tried
so much amazing food whilst we were
there and
and i did a bit of training in the gym
still but when we were coming home from
there i ended up slicing my toe if you
follow me on instagram
you probably already know about that
like it was quite deep
and it was so funny at the time like i
was walking at these like metal stairs
in sandals and there was this tiny
little like metal spiky thing sticking
out and i just tripped up and like
of course managed to slice my toe on
this tiny thing
which wasn't great and then didn't even
realize until we got higher up and i
could see all this blood like gushing
from
my sandal but i'm quite squeamish i made
mason like have a quick look
in case my toe was like falling off and
he was like oh it's the size of a paper
cut but i was pretty sure it wasn't so
yeah anyway it makes me took a picture
whereas it's quite deep but yeah i went
and got like a tetanus jab
got it cleaned up and stuff and bandage
which was perfect
pretty much like all sorted but it just
kept bleeding when i was like bearing
weight on it that took a while to heal
so i couldn't like
do any steps and i just decided to have
some time off training so i think i had
like a solid
week off no steps and no training i
didn't even bother doing like a home hit
workout i just thought it was quite nice
to have a rest
i'm still eating like quite healthy
nutritious meals and
my usual kind of stuff but yeah not
really exercising and obviously in that
time we've been back in the uk
like i'm quarantining that's where i've
been at really
like since being back home stuff it's
just kind of been getting back into a
routine
and i always find it hard like i know
like on holiday or elsewhere it takes me
personally i don't know i think
everyone's different but for me
it takes me like a solid week just to
get back caught up with everything
and just back into a bit of a swing of
things so i just thought i would like
share some little bits and bobs that
have like helped me
get back into a schedule because it can
just end up being like feeling like oh
like holiday blues and you're missing
the sunny skies and stuff and then
you're just not as productive
wrote some stuff so basically i'm trying
to hold myself accountable
to these following things number one
is wake up at half six every morning and
like other than maybe a sunday or
something but basically i find keeping
the same time is super helpful helpful
because your body just
gets into it like a natural habit and
that time really suits me like i do
consider myself definitely like a
morning person second thing is drink
more water
because i can never concentrate and i
feel quite lethargic and stuff if i'm
not drinking
enough water then meditate each morning
i do it literally just for 10 minutes
but my goodness that has helped so much
with my mind so i've mentioned on a few
of my vlogs
but yeah meditating is a much for me i
just go on youtube and
listen to like usually like a positive
morning meditation
and then i'll also write in my like
journal i'll just like brain dump
just literally write whatever i've been
thinking about any ideas
if i've noticed that any negative
thoughts it sounds like if you're not
someone who's into that at all you're
probably thinking what on earth like
what even is all that but
it's absolutely amazing then it is work
out like
have a workout planned as well mostly
like
over the past week and stuff that's been
like home workouts then
eat my favorite breakfast which is
almost
10 times out of ten usually cookies and
cream
protein notes like as you guys probably
know and then the other thing which
isn't for a morning but just in general
is just a stretch because my i've had
quite a stiff neck
i got a massage whilst we're in spain
and my neck was like full of like quite
stiff
stuff like that which is not ideal so
i'm just making sure i incorporate
yogurt more and
just stretching and mobility stuff i
always find even with like my workouts
that helps so much but it's something
that always gets neglected
so that is that and then something else
just to mention is i've recently
decided to come off my progesterone only
pill so i think i mentioned that in
a recent hormone video i changed my pill
because i was getting
migraines on the combined pill to the
progesterone only one
and i've actually found it really
doesn't suit me at all like i felt like
i've been
not myself like i don't know if um i
think i talked like this on instagram
the other day not right now but like i'd
say
a month and a bit ago i had a real
feeling of just not like
not not like myself at all and i
couldn't really pinpoint it so i have a
feeling it's something to do with the
pill because it was something
new that i've gone on and so i'm going
to look at different methods
which don't have hormones in there's a
type of coil but i just need to do
a bit more research into that so that's
something
really good that will be changing soon
in terms of nutrition i hope i'm not
like rambling on here but i just feel
like i just wanted to address all these
things because it is
something i talk about so often i
haven't been tracking recently
at all since i've been away like i feel
like i've got a good eye for stuff of
course but i just haven't really
kept on track of that i've not set like
massive goals i've just been sort of
sitting at maintenance at the moment
which i'm quite happy with because i
definitely have lost a lot of strength
and
i don't necessarily want to jump into
bulking and i
absolutely would not do another cut at
the moment so that is where
i'm at with all of that stuff if you've
got any questions just literally pop
them in the comments and i'll reply
to those but i hope that close things up
because i do get quite a few of those
like
asked on instagram and so yeah
so i thought i'd do a little physique
update this is what we're currently
looking like and i've definitely
lost some muscle i've noticed that for
sure
but like my scale weight hasn't changed
too much um
which just shows that you really can't
always go off 100
scale weight because there's so many
factors that come into that but the
other thing is
guys wait i need to look at you and your
girl
is working with flipping gin shark which
is just the most
exciting thing ever like just the best
few weeks and i'm just so happy like
things are coming together and i'm
really grateful i'd like for your
support like i said at the beginning of
the video like you've no idea how much
it supports me in every way
but yeah this is the rose top energy
seamless
crop and leggings this launches on
monday
it's literally so comfy i wear a size
small and both
like all gym shark i always go for a
size small prefer things to be
like not super super tight and like
kind of like sucking in but yeah i'll
leave my gymshark link in
the description bar i would absolutely
love it if you did
use like my support link it really helps
my everything really
um but yeah i'll leave the old link down
below i'm definitely going to be doing
some like gymshark little hauls and just
showing you what's new in
and all of that oh so i just wanted to
share i've picked up some new
little bits recently first thing is this
walida skin food
now i mainly use this before i put my
makeup on and it's helped so much like i
feel like my
makeup doesn't like crease as much and
it just really smooths it out like more
so
than primer and it's really reasonably
priced as well just by
we'll william skin food it's called then
i haven't actually tried these yet i've
heard good things about this bed head
superstar blue dry lotion i'm gonna give
that a go
and then i also saw this online mane and
tail hair strengthener
i actually used to use this brand on my
horse like i think it originally was a
horse brand but yeah it ended up
being used on natural human hair
so yeah just love like trying new bits
out trying to find like good little
hacks and stuff so i thought i'd mention
those so the new
edition is my gorgeous little chair
it's like what kind of color it's kind
of like a ninky
like beige type thing i've got this
pillow as well
which looks so nice i'm really liking
the abstract these days and then i've
already had this side table i've just
put my crystals on top there
and i just think that looks really cute
i might change
these prints maybe just like mix this
area up
but like this mirror is actually from my
bedroom i smashed the other mirror that
was there before well
i didn't smash like i left um the door
one of the doors open and the wind blew
this massive
other ikea mirror which just chasing
pieces so that's there for now
it's really comfy but this is like a
little area
that um i feel like has been needed to
be filled for so long because when
people come over
i feel like they just stand awkwardly by
the kitchen whereas at least this gives
someone
a rather than like at the dining table
and
it's quite a random like set up in a way
because
i've got a bit of everything going on
like a bit of modern mixed with like
some wooden vibes a bit of everything
really but
it's really coming together and if i
didn't do fitness i would definitely do
something
in interior stuff i just love like that
feeling when i walk into home sense
it's like no weather i don't know if
anyone else is like that but um
yeah so this is like the dining room
table chairs
and then it just all ties together with
like the brass if you see what i mean
um and then the kitchen i moved that
chair when i was chatting to you on
there
so nervy is here she has missed you guys
as well actually
yellow don't itch that thing she is
loving her life she's changed
we've changed her diet we changed your
diet when you're on a raw food diet now
rather than her biscuits hopefully
that'll clear up all
her allergies but it's so difficult
because it's we're just having to rule
things out one thing
at a time won't we pop it also she gets
called potter
more than money she gets called penelope
these days like i don't think she knows
her name anymore
so it's a little bit later on in the
evening and i just
wanted to mention i really want to do a
giveaway just to give
something back to you guys um for 100k
oh so weird even just speaking this just
feels really surreal
i know there's people with like millions
of subscribers out there and stuff but
just honestly imagining 100 000 people
in my house
like they wouldn't even fit you wouldn't
even all fit in my house
anyway i'm getting distracted but it
just blows my mind honestly
so yeah i really want to do a good
giveaway i would love
to hear from you guys exactly like what
brands you are loving at the moment what
you would
love in a giveaway and drop them in the
comments and i'll
read those and make sure i use like
whether it be a brand or whatever
something of your guys
favorite so yeah that is just what i
really wanted to
mention i'm also gonna have included a
really good ab workout in this video
literally zero equipment you don't need
anything just yourself and a little bit
of space but yeah i'm gonna wrap this
video up here i hope
that just cleared you know a little bit
of stuff up
i'm really excited for the next few
weeks worth of like content and stuff
i've got some really cool
ideas i've like planned out but if
you've got any video ideas that you
would
like to see just drop those in the
comments i really hope you enjoyed
this video and if you haven't already i
would love you to stick around
if you're new by subscribing to my
channel and making sure you've liked
this video
and i'll see you guys in the next one
[Music]
so